
 Basic System Mechanics 
Players sit on two seperate screens. 
players will shoot the zako enemies to build combos and meter. 
getting a certain amount of combos from zakos will send a fireball to your opponent.
If the opponent shoots a fireball back, it will return to your side of the screen as a reverse fireball that glows green. 
If you clear three reverse fireballs in a chain, you'll send a boss to your opponent. 
If both players send bosses too closes to each other, the bosses will clash and neither player will send a boss. 
If you can clear the current formation of zako by shooting down only one zako, you will get a perfect. 
Getting a perfect will give you an extra bit of meter, slow down formations on your screen, and speed up formations on your opponents screen. 
you can use your meter to attack by charging your shot to level two or three 
If you have a boss on the screen, lv 3 meter will send more EXs at a time 
Attacks from the enemy (fireballs/EX/boss) will reduce your HP by 3 
Attacks from zakos will reduce your HP by 1 
zakos can't kill you, but they will leave you in a dizzy state which reduces your momvement and shot speed. and makes your basic shot smaller 
Anytime you lose HP, your opponent gets half of your lost HP 
After a random about of formations of zako, a fever orb will show up. 
if the Fever orb is hit by a chain explosion (or a bomb), your character will go into fever mode and shoot more fireballs per chain 
If the game goes on for too long Death will show up. Death instantly kills if he touches you 
death can be temporarily killed, but will come back with more HP, and gets faster the longer he's on the screen. 
Even the slowest characters can avoid death permanently by moving in circles. 
 Advanced system Mechanics 
You can move faster by moving diagonally 
Fireballs move in three different patterns, Parabola, Diagonal Bounce, and stop and wait at the stop of the screen. 
The Fireballs may start on a random pattern, but will always cycle in the aforementioned order. The fireballs you send change patterns when your formations change. This will happen mid combo. 
If you send a boss while your opponent has a boss on the screen, their boss will leave your screen and your boss shows up on theirs. 
 Twinkle Star Sprites 
 | 
 General 
 | 
 System Mechanics 
 Controls 
 Glossary 
 FAQ 
 Formations 
 | 
 | 
 Characters 
 | 
 Arthur Schmitt 
 Griffon 
 Kim 
 Load Ran/Dark Ran 
 Macky & Pentell 
 Nanja Monja 
 Really Till 
 Sprites 
 Tinker & Linker 
 Yan Yang 
 | 
 | 
 Boss Characters 
 | 
 Mevious 
 Memory 
 | 
